Hey.
And in this video, we're going to have a look at how you can use different types of models for different
tasks inside of cursor.
This is a really great way of achieving state of the art results.
So we're going to use the oh one preview model for task planning.
We'll then use clause 3.5 sonnet for actually generating the code given the tasks that have been planned.
Now, the reason why you might want to do this is that certain models are actually better for chain
of thought reasoning.
So for example, oh one preview that recently came out from OpenAI is a really good model for that.
However, Claude 3.5 sonnet is actually better at generating code.
Okay, so I'm going to add a markdown file to this Udemy video, and also inside of the GitHub repository
under the useful prompts folder.
It's called a documentation of steps prompt.
And basically you can use this to enable oh one preview to document and task plan all of the steps that
you're going to need to build out any full stack application.
Let's have a look at how you'll use this.
Using composer.
We're going to load command shift I or control shift I.
And then we're going to then paste this prompt in.
And you can see we've got this.
Generate a detailed list of documentation tasks for a web application project.
We talk about the routes, the page layouts, reusable components, the state management approach,
and then we can also then put our application in.
So let's imagine you want to build a pixel art generator.
On the client side you could say the application is a pixel art generator only on the client side.
And then in the bottom right hand corner of this, change this from clause 3.5 sonnet to zero one preview
and hit enter.
Now, just to give you a bit of warning, it will take up to around 60s to get a response from zero
one preview.
Now the reason why this is taking longer is because zero one preview is a chain of thought reasoning
model.
It will generate hidden tokens and it will try and come up with a better reasoning path for doing your
task.
What this means is you get a really good plan using this prompt.
Then you can use that same plan later on with a better model for code generation like sonnet.
So after about a minute or so, we've got a couple of different routes.
So you can see we've got the toolbar components, the canvas area color picker and an export and save
options.
We've got a list of reusable components.
We also have a state management approach, have some API endpoints as well.
Also asks if we want to have a database schema and authentication.
So I'm going to click Accept All.
And then what you'll see is now we've got a new markdown file called App Documentation tasks.
Then what you can do is in any of your projects you can for example, load a new Next.js application
and you can bundle that with Shadchan by running Npx Shadchan at latest in it.
This will then say, okay, there isn't a package.json, so I'm going to hit y for it to create one.
I'll call it my app.
It will create a Next.js application with the My App folder.
Now what I'd recommend doing is also creating a cursor rules.
So we're going to go and do a cursor rules file.
And then I'm going to recommend you navigate to cursor dot directory and copy the top left one for TypeScript.
So the one that says you're an expert in Next.js app, router, react, CNY, radix UI and tailwind.
And if you're accessing this content via the GitHub repository, then this will already be inside of
that folder I've gone through and hit enter on all of the defaults for Shadchan.
We now also have a cursor rules file that talks about how it wants to use Next.js app, router react,
Shadchan UI, and radix UI as well.
Now, when you're building and composer with these task plans, I find that composer works the best
when you do it inside the folder.
So what I'd recommend doing is copying these three files and putting them inside of your app, and then
open the app by going to the top left.
Click on open in the file and then going into your app.
And then from here to utilize this plan that we've now got where we have a app documentation tasks.
We could for example say at app documentation tasks, I want you to build all of the files to execute
this plan.
Be very thorough and make sure to create each file okay.
And then go back down into the bottom right corner and click back into Claude.
3.5 sonnet.
So we're using One model for task creation and planning, which is oh one preview.
But then when we actually generate the code, we're referencing the markdown file that the reasoning
model created.
And then it's also then going to generate all the actual files using sonnet.
So we can get the best of both worlds where we can generate a really thorough and detailed plan.
But we actually use sonnet for writing all of the code for the pages and components.
As you can see, because we've generated an incredibly detailed plan, composer is actually doing a
lot more work than it usually would for us.
Hopefully you found this technique useful.
This technique makes use of a reasoning model to do the planning, whilst also relying on the best model
for code generation.
Some extra things that you can do as well is also ask the oh one preview model to refine its previous
plan, and also you could change the plan prompt that creates the plan to make it more aligned and suited
to your preferred directory and project structure.
In the next video, we'll have a look at how you can easily identify what is the best code generation
model at any given time.
This will allow you within another timeframe, such as 3 or 6 months, to review the code generation
models, and therefore you can always keep using the best model available.